
Suzanne takes you down to her place near the river 
You can hear the boats go by 
You can spend the night beside her 
And you know that she's half crazy 
But that's why you want to be there 
And she feeds you tea and oranges 
That come all the way from China 
And just when you mean to tell her 
That you have no love to give her 
Then she gets you on her wavelength 
And she lets the river answer 
That you've always been her lover 
And you want to travel with her 
And you want to travel blind 
And you know that she will trust you 
For you've touched her perfect body with your mind. 
And Jesus was a sailor 
When he walked upon the water 
And he spent a long time watching 
From his lonely wooden tower 
And when he knew for certain 
Only drowning men could see him 
He said "All men will be sailors then 
Until the sea shall free them" 
But he himself was broken 
Long before the sky would open 
Forsaken, almost human 
He sank beneath your wisdom like a stone 
And you want to travel with him 
And you want to travel blind 
And you think maybe you'll trust him 
For he's touched your perfect body with his mind. 

Now Suzanne takes your hand 
And she leads you to the river 
She is wearing rags and feathers 
From Salvation Army counters 
And the sun pours down like honey 
On our lady of the harbour 
And she shows you where to look 
Among the garbage and the flowers 
There are heroes in the seaweed 
There are children in the morning 
They are leaning out for love 
And they will lean that way forever 
While Suzanne holds the mirror 
And you want to travel with her 
And you want to travel blind 
And you know that you can trust her 
For she's touched your perfect body with her mind.




I believe that you heard your master sing 
when I was sick in bed. 
I suppose that he told you everything 
that I keep locked away in my head. 
Your master took you travelling, 
well at least that's what you said. 
And now do you come back to bring 
your prisoner wine and bread? 
You met him at some temple, where 
they take your clothes at the door. 
He was just a numberless man in a chair 
who'd just come back from the war. 
And you wrap up his tired face in your hair 
and he hands you the apple core. 
Then he touches your lips now so suddenly bare 
of all the kisses we put on some time before. 

And he gave you a German Shepherd to walk 
with a collar of leather and nails, 
and he never once made you explain or talk 
about all of the little details, 
such as who had a word and who had a rock, 
and who had you through the mails. 
Now your love is a secret all over the block, 
and it never stops not even when your master fails. 

And he took you up in his aeroplane, 
which he flew without any hands, 
and you cruised above the ribbons of rain 
that drove the crowd from the stands. 
Then he killed the lights in a lonely Lane 
and, an ape with angel glands, 
erased the final wisps of pain 
with the music of rubber bands. 

And now I hear your master sing, 
you kneel for him to come. 
His body is a golden string 
that your body is hanging from. 
His body is a golden string, 
my body has grown numb. 
Oh now you hear your master sing, 
your shirt is all undone. 

And will you kneel beside this bed 
that we polished so long ago, 
before your master chose instead 
to make my bed of snow? 
Your eyes are wild and your knuckles are red 
and you're speaking far too low. 
No I can't make out what your master said 
before he made you go. 

Then I think you're playing far too rough 
for a lady who's been to the moon; 
I've lain by this window long enough 
to get used to an empty room. 
And your love is some dust in an old man's cough 
who is tapping his foot to a tune, 
and your thighs are a ruin, you want too much, 
let's say you came back some time too soon. 

I loved your master perfectly 
I taught him all that he knew. 
He was starving in some deep mystery 
like a man who is sure what is true. 
And I sent you to him with my guarantee 
I could teach him something new, 
and I taught him how you would long for me 
no matter what he said no matter what you'd do. 

I believe that you heard your master sing 
while I was sick in bed, 
I'm sure that he told you everything 
I must keep locked away in my head. 
Your master took you travelling, 
well at least that's what you said, 
And now do you come back to bring 
your prisoner wine and bread?



Trav'ling lady, stay awhile 
until the night is over. 
I'm just a station on your way, 
I know I'm not your lover. 
Well I lived with a child of snow 
when I was a soldier, 
and I fought every man for her 
until the nights grew colder. 

She used to wear her hair like you 
except when she was sleeping, 
and then she'd weave it on a loom 
of smoke and gold and breathing. 

And why are you so quiet now 
standing there in the doorway? 
You chose your journey long before 
you came upon this highway. 

Trav'ling lady stay awhile 
until the night is over. 
I'm just a station on your way, 
I know I'm not your lover.



It's true that all the men you knew were dealers 
who said they were through with dealing 
Every time you gave them shelter 
I know that kind of man 
It's hard to hold the hand of anyone 
who is reaching for the sky just to surrender, 
who is reaching for the sky just to surrender. 
And then sweeping up the jokers that he left behind 
you find he did not leave you very much 
not even laughter 
Like any dealer he was watching for the card 
that is so high and wild 
he'll never need to deal another 
He was just some Joseph looking for a manger 
He was just some Joseph looking for a manger 

And then leaning on your window sill 
he'll say one day you caused his will 
to weaken with your love and warmth and shelter 
And then taking from his wallet 
an old schedule of trains, he'll say 
I told you when I came I was a stranger 
I told you when I came I was a stranger. 

But now another stranger seems 
to want you to ignore his dreams 
as though they were the burden of some other 
O you've seen that man before 
his golden arm dispatching cards 
but now it's rusted from the elbows to the finger 
And he wants to trade the game he plays for shelter 
Yes he wants to trade the game he knows for shelter. 

Ah you hate to see another tired man 
lay down his hand 
like he was giving up the holy game of poker 
And while he talks his dreams to sleep 
you notice there's a highway 
that is curling up like smoke above his shoulder. 
It is curling just like smoke above his shoulder. 

You tell him to come in sit down 
but something makes you turn around 
The door is open you can't close your shelter 
You try the handle of the road 
It opens do not be afraid 
It's you my love, you who are the stranger 
It's you my love, you who are the stranger. 

Well, I've been waiting, I was sure 
we'd meet between the trains we're waiting for 
I think it's time to board another 
Please understand, I never had a secret chart 
to get me to the heart of this 
or any other matter 
When he talks like this 
you don't know what he's after 
When he speaks like this, 
you don't know what he's after. 

Let's meet tomorrow if you choose 
upon the shore, beneath the bridge 
that they are building on some endless river 
Then he leaves the platform 
for the sleeping car that's warm 
You realize, he's only advertising one more shelter 
And it comes to you, he never was a stranger 
And you say ok the bridge or someplace later. 

And then sweeping up the jokers that he left behind. 

And leaning on your window sill. 

I told you when I came I was a stranger.



Oh the sisters of mercy, they are not departed or gone. 
They were waiting for me when I thought that I just can't go on. 
And they brought me their comfort and later they brought me this song. 
Oh I hope you run into them, you who've been travelling so long. 
Yes you who must leave everything that you cannot control. 
It begins with your family, but soon it comes around to your soul. 
Well I've been where you're hanging, I think I can see how you're pinned: 
When you're not feeling holy, your loneliness says that you've sinned. 

Well they lay down beside me, I made my confession to them. 
They touched both my eyes and I touched the dew on their hem. 
If your life is a leaf that the seasons tear off and condemn 
they will bind you with love that is graceful and green as a stem. 

When I left they were sleeping, I hope you run into them soon. 
Don't turn on the lights, you can read their address by the moon. 
And you won't make me jealous if I hear that they sweetened your night: 
We weren't lovers like that and besides it would still be all right, 
We weren't lovers like that and besides it would still be all right.



Come over to the window, my little darling, 
I'd like to try to read your palm. 
I used to think I was some kind of Gypsy boy 
before I let you take me home. 
Now so long, Marianne, it's time that we began 
to laugh and cry and cry and laugh about it all again. 

Well you know that I love to live with you, 
but you make me forget so very much. 
I forget to pray for the angels 
and then the angels forget to pray for us. 

Now so long, Marianne, it's time that we began. 

We met when we were almost young 
deep in the green lilac park. 
You held on to me like I was a crucifix, 
as we went kneeling through the dark. 

Oh so long, Marianne, it's time that we began. 

Your letters they all say that you're beside me now. 
Then why do I feel alone? 
I'm standing on a ledge and your fine spider web 
is fastening my ankle to a stone. 

Now so long, Marianne, it's time that we began. 

For now I need your hidden love. 
I'm cold as a new razor blade. 
You left when I told you I was curious, 
I never said that I was brave. 

Oh so long, Marianne, it's time that we began. 

Oh, you are really such a pretty one. 
I see you've gone and changed your name again. 
And just when I climbed this whole mountainside, 
to wash my eyelids in the rain! 

Oh so long, Marianne, it's time that we began.




I loved you in the morning, our kisses deep and warm, 
your hair upon the pillow like a sleepy golden storm, 
yes, many loved before us, I know that we are not new, 
in city and in forest they smiled like me and you, 
but now it's come to distances and both of us must try, 
your eyes are soft with sorrow, 
Hey, that's no way to say goodbye. 
I'm not looking for another as I wander in my time, 
walk me to the corner, our steps will always rhyme 
you know my love goes with you as your love stays with me, 
it's just the way it changes, like the shoreline and the sea, 
but let's not talk of love or chains and things we can't untie, 
your eyes are soft with sorrow, 
Hey, that's no way to say goodbye. 

I loved you in the morning, our kisses deep and warm, 
your hair upon the pillow like a sleepy golden storm, 
yes many loved before us, I know that we are not new, 
in city and in forest they smiled like me and you, 
but let's not talk of love or chains and things we can't untie, 
your eyes are soft with sorrow, 
Hey, that's no way to say goodbye.



I met a woman long ago 
her hair the black that black can go, 
Are you a teacher of the heart? 
Soft she answered no. 
I met a girl across the sea, 
her hair the gold that gold can be, 
Are you a teacher of the heart? 
Yes, but not for thee. 

I met a man who lost his mind 
in some lost place I had to find, 
follow me the wise man said, 
but he walked behind. 

I walked into a hospital 
where none was sick and none was well, 
when at night the nurses left 
I could not walk at all. 

Morning came and then came noon, 
dinner time a scalpel blade 
lay beside my silver spoon. 

Some girls wander by mistake 
into the mess that scalpels make. 
Are you the teachers of my heart? 
We teach old hearts to break. 

One morning I woke up alone, 
the hospital and the nurses gone. 
Have I carved enough my Lord? 
Child, you are a bone. 

I ate and ate and ate, 
no I did not miss a plate, well 
How much do these suppers cost? 
We'll take it out in hate. 

I spent my hatred everyplace, 
on every work on every face, 
someone gave me wishes 
and I wished for an embrace. 

Several girls embraced me, then 
I was embraced by men, 
Is my passion perfect? 
No, do it once again. 

I was handsome I was strong, 
I knew the words of every song. 
Did my singing please you? 
No, the words you sang were wrong. 

Who is it whom I address, 
who takes down what I confess? 
Are you the teachers of my heart? 
We teach old hearts to rest. 

Oh teachers are my lessons done? 
I cannot do another one. 
They laughed and laughed and said, Well child, 
are your lessons done? 
are your lessons done? 
are your lessons done?





The stories of the street are mine,the Spanish voices laugh. 
The Cadillacs go creeping now through the night and the poison gas, 
and I lean from my window sill in this old hotel I chose, 
yes one hand on my suicide, one hand on the rose. 
I know you've heard it's over now and war must surely come, 
the cities they are broke in half and the middle men are gone. 
But let me ask you one more time, O children of the dusk, 
All these hunters who are shrieking now oh do they speak for us? 

And where do all these highways go, now that we are free? 
Why are the armies marching still that were coming home to me? 
O lady with your legs so fine O stranger at your wheel, 
You are locked into your suffering and your pleasures are the seal. 

The age of lust is giving birth, and both the parents ask 
the nurse to tell them fairy tales on both sides of the glass. 
And now the infant with his cord is hauled in like a kite, 
and one eye filled with blueprints, one eye filled with night. 

O come with me my little one, we will find that farm 
and grow us grass and apples there and keep all the animals warm. 
And if by chance I wake at night and I ask you who I am, 
O take me to the slaughterhouse, I will wait there with the lamb. 

With one hand on the hexagram and one hand on the girl 
I balance on a wishing well that all men call the world. 
We are so small between the stars, so large against the sky, 
and lost among the subway crowds I try to catch your eye.





I lit a thin green candle, to make you jealous of me. 
But the room just filled up with mosquitos, 
they heard that my body was free. 
Then I took the dust of a long sleepless night 
and I put it in your little shoe. 
And then I confess that I tortured the dress 
that you wore for the world to look through. 
I showed my heart to the doctor: he said I just have to quit. 
Then he wrote himself a prescription, 
and your name was mentioned in it! 
Then he locked himself in a library shelf 
with the details of our honeymoon, 
and I hear from the nurse that he's gotten much worse 
and his practice is all in a ruin. 

I heard of a saint who had loved you, 
so I studied all night in his school. 
He taught that the duty of lovers 
is to tarnish the golden rule. 
And just when I was sure that his teachings were pure 
he drowned himself in the pool. 
His body is gone but back here on the lawn 
his spirit continues to drool. 

An Eskimo showed me a movie 
he'd recently taken of you: 
the poor man could hardly stop shivering, 
his lips and his fingers were blue. 
I suppose that he froze when the wind took your clothes 
and I guess he just never got warm. 
But you stand there so nice, in your blizzard of ice, 
oh please let me come into the storm.




Like a bird on the wire, 
like a drunk in a midnight choir 
I have tried in my way to be free. 
Like a worm on a hook, 
like a knight from some old fashioned book 
I have saved all my ribbons for thee. 
If I, if I have been unkind, 
I hope that you can just let it go by. 
If I, if I have been untrue 
I hope you know it was never to you. 
Like a baby, stillborn, 
like a beast with his horn 
I have torn everyone who reached out for me. 
But I swear by this song 
and by all that I have done wrong 
I will make it all up to thee. 
I saw a beggar leaning on his wooden crutch, 
he said to me, "You must not ask for so much." 
And a pretty woman leaning in her darkened door, 
she cried to me, "Hey, why not ask for more?" 

Oh like a bird on the wire, 
like a drunk in a midnight choir 
I have tried in my way to be free.



The door it opened slowly, 
my father he came in, 
I was nine years old. 
And he stood so tall above me, 
his blue eyes they were shining 
and his voice was very cold. 
He said, "I've had a vision 
and you know I'm strong and holy, 
I must do what I've been told." 
So he started up the mountain, 
I was running, he was walking, 
and his axe was made of gold. 
Well, the trees they got much smaller, 
the lake a lady's mirror, 
we stopped to drink some wine. 
Then he threw the bottle over. 
Broke a minute later 
and he put his hand on mine. 
Thought I saw an eagle 
but it might have been a vulture, 
I never could decide. 
Then my father built an altar, 
he looked once behind his shoulder, 
he knew I would not hide. 

You who build these altars now 
to sacrifice these children, 
you must not do it anymore. 
A scheme is not a vision 
and you never have been tempted 
by a demon or a god. 
You who stand above them now, 
your hatchets blunt and bloody, 
you were not there before, 
when I lay upon a mountain 
and my father's hand was trembling 
with the beauty of the word. 

And if you call me brother now, 
forgive me if I inquire, 
"Just according to whose plan?" 
When it all comes down to dust 
I will kill you if I must, 
I will help you if I can. 
When it all comes down to dust 
I will help you if I must, 
I will kill you if I can. 
And mercy on our uniform, 
man of peace or man of war, 
the peacock spreads his fan.



A bunch of lonesome and very quarrelsome heroes 
were smoking out along the open road; 
the night was very dark and thick between them, 
each man beneath his ordinary load. 
"I'd like to tell my story," 
said one of them so young and bold, 
"I'd like to tell my story, 
before I turn into gold." 
But no one really could hear him, 
the night so dark and thick and green; 
well I guess that these heroes must always live there 
where you and I have only been. 
Put out your cigarette, my love, 
you've been alone too long; 
and some of us are very hungry now 
to hear what it is you've done that was so wrong. 

I sing this for the crickets, 
I sing this for the army, 
I sing this for your children 
and for all who do not need me. 
"I'd like to tell my story," 
said one of them so bold, 
"Oh yes, I'd like to tell my story 
'cause you know I feel I'm turning into gold."




It seems so long ago, 
Nancy was alone, 
looking ate the Late Late show 
through a semi-precious stone. 
In the House of Honesty 
her father was on trial, 
in the House of Mystery 
there was no one at all, 
there was no one at all. 
It seems so long ago, 
none of us were strong; 
Nancy wore green stockings 
and she slept with everyone. 
She never said she'd wait for us 
although she was alone, 
I think she fell in love for us 
in nineteen sixty one, 
in nineteen sixty one. 

It seems so long ago, 
Nancy was alone, 
a forty five beside her head, 
an open telephone. 
We told her she was beautiful, 
we told her she was free 
but none of us would meet her in 
the House of Mystery, 
the House of Mystery. 

And now you look around you, 
see her everywhere, 
many use her body, 
many comb her hair. 
In the hollow of the night 
when you are cold and numb 
you hear her talking freely then, 
she's happy that you've come, 
she's happy that you've come.




I finally broke into the prison, 
I found my place in the chain. 
Even damnation is poisoned with rainbows, 
all the brave young men 
they're waiting now to see a signal 
which some killer will be lighting for pay. 
Into this furnace I ask you now to venture, 
you whom I cannot betray. 

I fought in the old revolution 
on the side of the ghost and the King. 
Of course I was very young 
and I thought that we were winning; 
I can't pretend I still feel very much like singing 
as they carry the bodies away. 

Into this furnace I ask you now to venture. 

Lately you've started to stutter 
as though you had nothing to say. 
To all of my architects let me be traitor. 
Now let me say I myself gave the order 
to sleep and to search and to destroy. 

Into this furnace I ask you now to venture. 

Yes, you who are broken by power, 
you who are absent all day, 
you who are kings for the sake of your children's story, 
the hand of your beggar is burdened down with money, 
the hand of your lover is clay. 

Into this furnace I ask you now to venture.



I came upon a butcher, 
he was slaughtering a lamb, 
I accused him there 
with his tortured lamb. 
He said, "Listen to me, child, 
I am what I am 
and you, you are my only son." 
Well, I found a silver needle, 
I put it into my arm. 
It did some good, 
did some harm. 
But the nights were cold 
and it almost kept me warm, 
how come the night is long? 

I saw some flowers growing up 
where that lamb fell down; 
was I supposed to praise my Lord, 
make some kind of joyful sound? 
He said, "Listen, listen to me now, 
I go round and round 
and you, you are my only child." 

Do not leave me now, 
do not leave me now, 
I'm broken down 
from a recent fall. 
Blood upon my body 
and ice upon my soul, 
lead on, my son, it is your world.



I cannot follow you, my love, 
you cannot follow me. 
I am the distance you put between 
all of the moments that we will be. 
You know who I am, 
you've stared at the sun, 
well I am the one who loves 
changing from nothing to one. 

Sometimes I need you naked, 
sometimes I need you wild, 
I need you to carry my children in 
and I need you to kill a child. 

You know who I am... 

If you should ever track me down 
I will surrender there 
and I will leave with you one broken man 
whom I will teach you to repair. 

You know who I am... 

I cannot follow you, my love, 
you cannot follow me. 
I am the distance you put between 
all of the moments that we will be. 

You know who I am...






I came by myself to a very crowded place; 
I was looking for someone who had lines in her face. 
I found her there but she was past all concern; 
I asked her to hold me, I said, "Lady, unfold me," 
but she scorned me and she told me 
I was dead and I could never return. 
Well, I argued all night like so many have before, 
saying, "Whatever you give me, I seem to need so much more." 
Then she pointed at me where I kneeled on her floor, 
she said, "Don't try to use me or slyly refuse me, 
just win me or lose me, 
it is this that the darkness is for." 

I cried, "Oh, Lady Midnight, I fear that you grow old, 
the stars eat your body and the wind makes you cold." 
"If we cry now," she said, "it will just be ignored." 
So I walked through the morning, sweet early morning, 
I could hear my lady calling, 
"You've won me, you've won me, my lord, 
you've won me, you've won me, my lord, 
yes, you've won me, you've won me, my lord, 
ah, you've won me, you've won me, my lord, 
ah, you've won me, you've won me, my lord."



Sometimes I find I get to thinking of the past. 
We swore to each other then that our love would surely last. 
You kept right on loving, I went on a fast, 
now I am too thin and your love is too vast. 
But I know from your eyes 
and I know from your smile 
that tonight will be fine, 
will be fine, will be fine, will be fine 
for a while. 

I choose the rooms that I live in with care, 
the windows are small and the walls almost bare, 
there's only one bed and there's only one prayer; 
I listen all night for your step on the stair. 

But I know from your eyes 
and I know from your smile 
that tonight will be fine, 
will be fine, will be fine, will be fine 
for a while. 

Oh sometimes I see her undressing for me, 
she's the soft naked lady love meant her to be 
and she's moving her body so brave and so free. 
If I've got to remember that's a fine memory. 

And I know from her eyes 
and I know from her smile 
that tonight will be fine, 
will be fine, will be fine, will be fine 
for a while.
